Release v2.5.0 (#315)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/user-guide/exploration-space/utterance-details.md

* **Utterance**: The utterance and its per-token [saliency](../../key-concepts/saliency.md) (if
  available for the model's architecture). Hover over the tokens to the see the associated saliency
  value.

>   * If pre-processing steps are returned by the pipeline, blue arrows will be shown, allowing to display the utterance after each pre-processing step, from the raw utterance to the processed version sent to the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If pre-processing steps are returned by the pipeline, blue chevrons will be shown, allowing the utterance to be displayed after each pre-processing step, from the raw utterance to the processed version sent to the model.
```

Author: I forgot these had a name! Awesome and thank you!

* **Label**: The utterance's labeled class (the target).
* **Predictions**:
    * The **top 3** predictions for this utterance are shown.
    * The top prediction is highlighted using the prediction outcome color.
        * If the top prediction was converted to the rejection class based on the threshold, it will
          be added as a 4th element at the top.

>     * By clicking on the blue arrows, the prediction results after each post-processing step can be viewed, including the model output before any post-processing.

Reviewer: Your call about the arrows->chevrons wording change, here and above. Technically, they are chevrons and not arrows, so arrows seems funny to me, but I don't know whether "chevrons" will be a less familiar word to most people!
```suggestion
    * By clicking on the blue arrows, the prediction results after each post-processing step can be viewed, including the model output before any post-processing.
```

Author: There isn't any change in your proposal. Was it only `arrows` to `chevrons`?

Reviewer: Oops. 🤦‍♀️ Yes. Although now that I look at it, I think a `'s` wouldn't hurt. Your call!
```suggestion
    * By clicking on the blue chevrons, the prediction results after each post-processing step can be viewed, including the model's output before any post-processing.
```
